CORTX-30966: Support SSL Certificate as a Secret (#360)
Seagate/cortx-k8s: README.md

| Name                                                  | Description                                                     | Default Value       |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `common.storage_provisioner_path`                     | TODO       | `/mnt/fs-local-volume` |

> | `common.ssl.secret`                                   | Name of a Secret to be generated by `deploy-cortx-cloud.sh` that contains a self-signed certificate.<br />Note: Either `common.ssl.secret` or `common.ssl.external_secret` must be specified. | `""` |

Reviewer: I don't think this option is necessary. Why don't we just use the name we already do, which is derived from the release ({release name}-ssl-cert)?

> | `common.ssl.external_secret`                          | Names of an existing Secret that contains a TLS/SSL certificate.  This certificate must be in PEM format and must contain the Private Key and Certificate.<br />Note: Either `common.ssl.secret` or `common.ssl.external_secret` must be specified. | `""` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `common.ssl.external_secret`                          | Name of an existing Secret that contains a TLS/SSL certificate. The certificate is a single file in PEM form that includes the full certificate chain and private key in PEM format. If the external secret is not provided, a self-signed certificate will be used instead. | `""` |
```
